README.md, before:

# MarketApp

MarketApp is an attractive UI KIT specially designed for markets, supermarkets, food stores or other online stores. Place your photos and change descriptions to easily create your site and apps

## Motivation
My driving force for this project is to get out of tutorial purgatory and do something tangible with flutter..i just wnated to create something, that's why i decided to use code to build the UI. I don't intent to implement any backend logic yet..I just want to set up the navigation routes are working.

## Logo
![app-logo](/assets/images/logo.png)

## Screenshots
![Cover](/assets/general-overview.png)

## Framework
#### Built with flutter frame work and dart language

## Features
The exceptional thing about this project is that i was able to work on something that i can show to others

## Code Example
Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out how your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.
![code-sample](/assets/code-sample.png)

## Installation
in order to install this app, clone this repository to your local computer, if you are using android studio, select and emulator and click the run button. For VSCode users, go to run at the menu bar, select start debugging and then choose an emulator. Sit back while it complies.. You can also use run the application on a physical device.

## Contribute
Anyone who wants to improve the app or maybe implement the backend can clone this repository and start developing.

## Credits
Here, contributors will be acknowledged.

Commit message:

Added the link to download the ui kit

README.md, after:

# MarketApp

MarketApp is an attractive UI KIT specially designed for markets, supermarkets, food stores or other online stores. Place your photos and change descriptions to easily create your site and apps

## Motivation

My driving force for this project is to get out of tutorial purgatory and do something tangible with flutter..i just wnated to create something, that's why i decided to use code to build the UI. I don't intent to implement any backend logic yet..I just want to set up the navigation routes are working.

## Logo

![app-logo](/assets/images/logo.png)

## Screenshots

![Cover](/assets/general-overview.png)

## Framework

#### Built with flutter frame work and dart language

## Features

The exceptional thing about this project is that i was able to work on something that i can show to others

## Code Example

Show what the library does as concisely as possible, developers should be able to figure out how your project solves their problem by looking at the code example. Make sure the API you are showing off is obvious, and that your code is short and concise.

#### The code of the splash screen

![code-sample](/assets/code-sample.png)

## Installation

In order to install this app, clone this repository to your local computer, if you are using android studio, select and emulator and click the run button. For VSCode users, go to run at the menu bar, select start debugging and then choose an emulator. Sit back while it complies.. You can also use run the application on a physical device.

## Contribute

Anyone who wants to improve the app or maybe implement the backend can clone this repository and start developing.. He or she will be acknowledge acordingly here and their repository will be added in the credit section.

## Credits

Here, contributors will be acknowledged. .
The ui kit can be downloaded from

[I'm an inline-style link with title](https://www.uistore.design/items/goonie-online-market-ui-kit-for-adobe-xd-and-sketch/ "Download the UI kit that was implemented here")
